= mongo_mapper_acts_as_embedded_list

This is a port of classic Rails {acts_as_list}[http://github.com/rails/acts_as_list] to Mongo Mapper. This MongoMapper plugin provides the capabilities for sorting and reordering a number of EmbeddedDocuments in a list. If you do not specify custom position column in the options, a key named position will be created by default.

It has (almost) the same functionality and passes the original test-suite. The changes to the list are not persisted, you need to call .save on _root_document or on individual items by yourself.

== TODO

* Figure out how to set item's default position when first added to a list (through .build or <<).
* Figure out how to automatically remove item from list when deleted (through .delete(item)).
* Add tests for deeply nested documents.

== Example

  class TodoList
    include MongoMapper::Document
    many :todo_items
  end

  class TodoItem
    include MongoMapper::EmbeddedDocument
    plugin MongoMapper::Plugins::ActsAsEmbeddedList
    acts_as_embedded_list :column => :pos
  end

  todo_list.todo_items.first.move_to_bottom
  todo_list.todo_items.last.move_higher

See tests for more examples.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Original Rails' acts_as_list Copyright (c) 2007 David Heinemeier Hansson, released under the MIT license
